beta documentation (#21579)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/detection_rules/_index.md

    - [CSM Identity Risks][14] uses detection rules to detect IAM-based risks in your cloud infrastructure.
- [Application Security Management][6] (ASM) leverages Datadog [APM][7], the [Datadog Agent][8], and detection rules to detect threats in your application environment.

## About our Beta detections

> At Datadog, our Security Research team continually adds new OOTB security detections. While we aim to deliver high quality detections with the release of integrations or other new features, we often need to observe the performance of the detection at scale before fully promoting it as a quality rule. This gives Datadog's Security Research the time to either fine tune or deprecate detection opportunities that don't meet our quality standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog's Security Research team continually adds new OOTB security detection rules. While the aim is to deliver high quality detections with the release of integrations or other new features, the performance of the detection at scale often needs to be observed before making the rule generally available. This gives Datadog's Security Research the time to either refine or deprecate detection opportunities that do not meet our standards.
```
